Dr. Belis Aladag: We're going to be saying I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Lisa are nigger.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And she her cures report for the past year shows, most recently in December, she received two prescriptions for coding wife. Wife Tennyson, Sarah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Coding containing boyfriends and syrup and then prior to that she had several prescriptions for hydrocodone from
Dr. Belis Aladag: Appears to be a dentist Dr Dolby dob
Dr. Belis Aladag: Appears Lisa Armiger has severe opioid use disorder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: As well as
Dr. Belis Aladag: Methamphetamine use disorder probably also severe or moderate. You can see modern methamphetamine use disorder will talk to her and get more accurate on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Appears she may have PTSD, depression, anxiety, and maybe bipolar disorder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll find out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Lisa Arnegger: Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi, Lisa, how are you
Lisa Arnegger: I'm okay, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, welcome, welcome to
Lisa Arnegger: Thank you. This is new for me it's
Lisa Arnegger: It's crazy. I'm so used to meeting the person and office.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, right. It's kind of, it's a new thing, you know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's, uh, I'm actually newer to this company as well. I used to work at Kaiser at the clinic there.
Lisa Arnegger: In Los Angeles.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now I'm doing. Hello, health, which is really interesting. It's a different model.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah yeah
So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me about you. I understand that you're seeking help for heroin and meth abuse. Is that right,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah okay and will will certainly help you with that. And that you also have some like mental health stuff going on. Some PTSD, maybe depression.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, so I have. So I've been in therapy, since I was six. I was molested when I was seven.
Lisa Arnegger: So I have a lot of PTSD and trauma, but
Lisa Arnegger: I was diagnosed with certain things. I don't know if it's
Lisa Arnegger: I don't really remember like getting tested for all that stuff.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, there's like a series of questions. You go through, but I just think I just know that they treated me with certain medications for it, you know.
A little
Lisa Arnegger: Pretty yeah like I would say like maybe like 15 probably since 15 yeah so like depression, anxiety,
Lisa Arnegger: I know I have a learning disability for ADHD.
Lisa Arnegger: Trauma
Lisa Arnegger: And then bipolar. But I don't know if I don't know that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did they say the bipolar was that diagnosis also made when you were 15 or was it
Lisa Arnegger: Later.
Lisa Arnegger: It was later. Yeah, it was much later. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bipolar you know it's it's. We'll see. I think that they're going to help you establish care, probably with the psychiatrists with us as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you can kind of get into more details with that. But I can tell you that bipolar disorder is pretty tricky to diagnose, especially if they're
Dr. Belis Aladag: There is it's happening around the time of drug use, like if there's alcohol use, or any sort of drug use, it can really look like mood swings and ups and downs and mania and things like
Lisa Arnegger: That
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pending on you know what's going on, so people can be misdiagnosed because of all the use, they were having
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, and and you know like I've
Lisa Arnegger: I've been clean before and I've been in recovery and there's been times where I've had to get on meds.
Lisa Arnegger: When I was coming off the map because my mind was so like out there, you know, I mean, so it stabilized me for a little while and then I got off of it. I don't like the Mets. That's why don't take them.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, I play soccer. That's kind of my joy and I haven't played in a while, but
Lisa Arnegger: But that's kind of like what I do to get everything you know how
Dr. Belis Aladag: To
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a good sport. Okay, cool. Um, and what men. What, what was the particular menu were just
Lisa Arnegger: Referring to they had me on Lamictal and will be trying
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you
Lisa Arnegger: And I've been on Suboxone to for
Lisa Arnegger: I was on it for seven years. And can I tell you that I told myself I would never get on it again. I swore that because I that detail was the worst of talks of my life. That was a very horrible detail. So I am
Lisa Arnegger: A sinner. I'm going to keep using and lose my kids and lose everything I have or
Lisa Arnegger: I'll get on Suboxone but I do want to stay on it for very
Lisa Arnegger: Low like well
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You were on it for seven years. What was your dose, then do you recall
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, because I had, I was pregnant and I delivered two babies on it. I'm
Lisa Arnegger: God I went from like
Lisa Arnegger: To do all the way up to 24 milligrams
Dr. Belis Aladag: Per kilogram. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And when you got off and you're talking about the detox like the withdrawal from it. Were you all, you know, were you taken off in like a month, or was it like over a long time, or was it like a week or how did you do the detox.
Lisa Arnegger: So what happened was I went to see a doctor and I don't feel the doctor knew what he was doing. He just gave me a shitload of medicines and
Lisa Arnegger: Like, I don't even know half the stuff he literally gave me like 10 medications to help me with the withdrawals and he said, just, you know, let's just go every like every day. We'll just go down and down and down and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Very quick
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, yeah. So I went down. I got all the way down to two and I couldn't take it because I was doing it around my kids and I had no support and it was the worst. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't do it. So I ended up checking myself in the rehab and in which a mountain Vista farm.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay and so on two milligrams. I got off of it in 30 days.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I see so so that that was a bad experience and I and I could see why. I mean, if you're all the way up to 24 milligrams and then you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Told to like go down daily by a certain amount and stuff. That's a very, very quick way to try to taper somebody if you know we
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I hope we will get you on this medication. We know that it works for you. It helps you stay clean right during your pregnancies and beyond.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we'll get you on, but we'll keep you like you said at the lowest the comfortable dose where you're not at risk of relapse, but you're not. So, you know, hopefully not as high as 24. We'll see you know whatever it takes to keep you from craving.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You we stay on the minimum dose possible. And then, and then when you feel like, okay, I'm in a stable place. Now, a couple of months have gone by, whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can, if you feel ready we can slowly start like very small I'm talking one two milligrams a month, you know, very small, very small papers on
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doing it comfortably that would, because I have done that for patients after they've been on it for like a year, we very gently, very slowly and it's been successful for a couple people, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: Okay. Yeah. And I was thinking about doing that shop thing they have like a I forgot the name of it, but they have it at Kaiser so
Dr. Belis Aladag: This there's are you thinking vivid trial.
Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could do vivid trial.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The trial is good because there's no withdrawal from it. So if you decide, I don't want to take this anymore. You don't have any problem you can walk away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a blocker complete blocker on the receptor. So if you were to like us or try to use you would feel nothing
Dr. Belis Aladag: So those are the pluses of that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But to get on it is the challenge because you need because it's a complete blocker.
Lisa Arnegger: You really
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know opioids, not even Suboxone for like 14 days.
Lisa Arnegger: tend to fall.
Lisa Arnegger: I didn't know that. Okay, well,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can get like 10 days clean like complete know opioid
Dr. Belis Aladag: You are eligible and that is when you can really you can go for it, you know, try it out as a trial because that can help cravings as well. And there's patients that do well with that though.
Lisa Arnegger: Is it, is it the only thing. The only thing they have is methadone or Suboxone Hall first to opiates.
Lisa Arnegger: Still opiate withdrawal.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, they have they have. We have methadone maintenance. You know where you take it daily. We have you done and daily and then we have the trial, which is the the injectable naltrexone. So those are the like FDA approved treatments for opioid use disorder.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, I'm just curious.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could try the vivid trawl but it's like can you get yourself to 10 days like nothing. That's the most people get they're like yeah after three, four days they they relapse know
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah. Well, I had two years I with nothing no Suboxone, no nothing.
Lisa Arnegger: Nothing I and I and I recently just relapse. So, I mean, I didn't. Well, it's been since November of last year. So I've been using every day for shit six months now. So I tried to stop. I did actually try to detox myself.
Lisa Arnegger: Not too long ago and
Lisa Arnegger: I did it with methadone, because my I get can get methadone, so I had to drinkable stuff and I tried to win it that way.
Lisa Arnegger: And I was successful. Um, I was. I didn't do anything for a couple of days, but
Lisa Arnegger: For some reason, I just
Lisa Arnegger: Resumed I, I just got back again. So, you know, it's hard because
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you tried to do that with the Methadone like drinking that and then stopping the
Lisa Arnegger: The hair. Yeah, you're around other people that are it's yeah so
Lisa Arnegger: It's really hard. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me about your use. Is it IV. Now, are you ivy or poison.
Lisa Arnegger: Ivy and
Lisa Arnegger: I just had an infection actually really bad one was hospitalized for one
Lisa Arnegger: type thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In your life.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I was like, right there. You can kind of tell that it's like
Lisa Arnegger: Sweet. Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, but it was huge. It was like a golf ball like the size of a golf ball. Yeah, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you were in the hospital for that, did they keep you overnight or did they
Lisa Arnegger: Just get
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, yeah, I had to get IV IV.
Lisa Arnegger: Antibiotics yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you still on the orals or no, did you
Lisa Arnegger: No, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It got better. It looks better. I mean, it doesn't look
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: It's not as big, but
Lisa Arnegger: I've been, you know, been kind of just doing the same things so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so okay and then tell me about the Matthews is that, like, together with it. Is it like if you stop the heroin. You think you'll stop the meth or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like what relationship with that.
Lisa Arnegger: Well, I think for me it was mostly just the energy. It's kind of like, it's like the together thing. It's like you have to have
Lisa Arnegger: In order to because I get really tired on heroin. So I'm just like, you know, some people get a lot of energy when they're on here when I don't. I just, you know, tend to get really sleepy low energy. And so I do this to keep
Lisa Arnegger: It up. Yeah.
I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Had something you would crave or seek without if you weren't doing the heroin.
Lisa Arnegger: Know, because I mean I have before like I've relapsed before and have just relapsed on heroin and didn't even do I mean just relapse on that but didn't do heroin.
Lisa Arnegger: But
Lisa Arnegger: I think it's just the initial like couple of days because more. It's more of a mental
Lisa Arnegger: A mental like creating you know any mean so
Lisa Arnegger: Just
Lisa Arnegger: Being tired and I don't like this.
Lisa Arnegger: Like when I've stopped. I feel really
Lisa Arnegger: groggy and like out of it. Like, I'm not in reality, like, this isn't the real world to me and I just don't like that feeling so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it can really you know fog up your brain, it's toxic to the brain.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so it's, it's something to take seriously, you're the mess is also an issue, right. We went from both we want to be careful.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any other substances that you regularly use like you drink alcohol or smoke pot or anything else. No.
Lisa Arnegger: Nothing else. Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You do smoke cigarettes okay I pack a day or lesser
Lisa Arnegger: Oh, less way less yeah like for a better day okay yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's something we can try to quit as well. At some point, you know, we can try nicotine patches or if you're just smoking that much, maybe you just want the GM or the candies.
Lisa Arnegger: We'll
Lisa Arnegger: Work on that. I tried to lock. Those are the only things that help it at Kaiser, they give you these big
Lisa Arnegger: Big ones, and I don't like those. I like the small tiny ones that a small loss, but they're so expensive, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: You try to order them if you want and see if it's covered
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because you now you have different insurance, other than Kaiser, right, is that I
Lisa Arnegger: Do yeah I have both insurance. I have medical but I also have. Okay.
So left so
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can see if this one covers it. So I can try sending the laws and is OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, just check it out and see how much it would be
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, okay, you are, are you married. Are you living with somebody, you said you have children. Tell me about your situation.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, so I have four children. I have. He just turned 18
Lisa Arnegger: And then I have a seven year old, he's a boy six year old is a girl. And then I have a three year old who's going to be four in July, she's a girl.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, and they live with me.
Lisa Arnegger: And it's very hard because I'm doing it by myself.
Lisa Arnegger: I I do live with somebody. I'm with somebody
Lisa Arnegger: That's how I kind of got on drugs again.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I'm just making sure
Lisa Arnegger: It's very toxic relationship.
Lisa Arnegger: But it's very hard to
Lisa Arnegger: He's been wanting me to get off of it, you know.
Lisa Arnegger: He keeps telling me you know but then it, I don't know, it's kind of confusing. It's
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's hard. It's hard when. Yeah, you're too well you're trying to, you know, have a relationship. And then you're both struggling with the substance issue because everybody's substance issue is that a different point. You know what I mean.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It takes different things for people to sober get sober.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not every it's not one size fits all. You know what I mean. And so you have like you have those kids and you're like, I gotta do this maybe, you know, we don't know where is that, you know, you know what I'm saying, like,
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, it's
Lisa Arnegger: Just really hard to be attentive to my children, you know, and be patient and, you know, and it's like I
Lisa Arnegger: It's it's it's it's hard. I feel like it's more harder for me than like some junkie on the street. I mean, it's harder for anybody but
Lisa Arnegger: For me it's like I'm trying so hard to keep it together. You know what I mean. So I'm like playing these different roles with everyone at work.
Lisa Arnegger: Out in public with my kids with my family, you know, and it's like it's exhausting. You know, it's really
Lisa Arnegger: Lasting, you know, because before before this, I had two years and I was like really into my recovery. I was going to na meetings, I was working steps sponsor like I was really doing well, you know, and
Lisa Arnegger: I really thought, you know, because that was the first time that I had ever gotten two years worth of food like straight clean from everything not Suboxone not nothing. So I just knew for sure I wasn't going to go back, you know, and
Lisa Arnegger: I went through a divorce with the father of my kids and he was abusive and
Lisa Arnegger: I tend to go for abusive men, you know, and
Lisa Arnegger: I wouldn't say abusive men, but just men. They're very
Lisa Arnegger: Well, the last one was abusive. This one is more
Lisa Arnegger: He's
Lisa Arnegger: Aggressive yeah very angry with a lot of anger issues and he's nuts and He scares the shit out of me, but
Lisa Arnegger: It's like this. And I think that's what I want to work on is just like learning how to be okay with myself, you know, because that was. That's the one thing that I that I lack, you know, even though I had two years, clean it was like
Lisa Arnegger: I was constantly getting into a relationship like I was in a relationship with this woman that was my best. She was one of my good friends. And, you know, was like bam right away, moved in, bam, right away, like it was just like, you know what I mean, like,
Lisa Arnegger: No.
Lisa Arnegger: You know so and it's more for me. It's more like I don't know how to be alone, kind of thing, you know.
Lisa Arnegger: So I think for me it's like something that I want to work on, you know, because I have some serious issues family issues.
Lisa Arnegger: Core family issues and like relationship issues so
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, so that's like a goal.
Lisa Arnegger: So,
You mentioned
Dr. Belis Aladag: You mentioned family. And you mentioned the molestation when you were so young and seven are you, what was it like, was it rope involving your life. Did your parents know or did it evolve your parents like what what's
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah. Well, it was my mom's boyfriend at the time and
Lisa Arnegger: You know, he was
Lisa Arnegger: I kept it a secret for a very long time and you know like
Lisa Arnegger: My dad notice because I was raised with my dad. My dad raised me
Lisa Arnegger: Oh my
Lisa Arnegger: Mom had left me even though she's still in denial about it, but she did leave me when I was very young and
Lisa Arnegger: You know, we're her in our relationship is very dysfunctional very dysfunctional. It's very sick and
Lisa Arnegger: There's a lot of resentment there with her and you know i i
Lisa Arnegger: Not because of the molestation, but just because of just who she is, in general, and you know how negative she is, you know, like, she'll be there for me, she'll help me and she wants to see me succeed, but
Lisa Arnegger: You know she brings me down a lot like I had weight issues I've had weight issues because every time when I had a baby. It was like you're fat.
Lisa Arnegger: You're getting too big. It was like everything. Everything was about my weight, you know, everything is about the outer appearance, you know, I mean, and
Lisa Arnegger: She just so negative, you know, she's just really, really negative and it's very hard for me to
Lisa Arnegger: Deal with, you know, so
Lisa Arnegger: And she doesn't know how to admit two things, you know, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So she has a difficult personality.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It sounds like and you have this history of, you know, there's some resentments and some unresolved stuff you know and like you said. She doesn't apologize, or she doesn't really admit the wrong.
Lisa Arnegger: Things that she's done and she and she she helped me raise my oldest my 18 year old. And so, you know, she feels some kind of
Lisa Arnegger: Like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Entitled
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah entitlement with him. And so, like, you know, he's very spoiled and he very disrespectful and you know with me. And so like
Lisa Arnegger: There's always been these boundary issues with her and him and me and it's like it's like this sick, sick, twisted thing that she just involves him and all business and everything. And, you know, and so my relationship with my oldest is very, um, it's not it's not healthy at all either so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. The triangulating situation with your mom.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then how is your dad. Is he still around.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you close to him.
Lisa Arnegger: I was, I was really close with my dad, I really looked up to him. He has AIDS, he's had it for 30 years he was a drug user to
Lisa Arnegger: He was also gay will buy whatever
Lisa Arnegger: And him and our relationship is not good either. It's not healthy. He's very angry very volatile very abusive. When I was growing up.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, it was like it was it was weird because he was abusive, but he was also this like loving positive person as well. So as like getting two spectrums of this person and I and I didn't know
Lisa Arnegger: Which one to
Lisa Arnegger: Expect believe. Yeah, or belief. Yeah, you know, and so then I now I see that I tend to go after men that are just like that person angry that that the abusive.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, put you down type of person you know so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going, I'm sure they have some redeeming qualities that you're acted to, like, oh, you know, and then you have this dichotomy of like dark and light.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Okay, so you have that with the family. And how about siblings do you get along. Do you have siblings like sisters, brothers.
Lisa Arnegger: I have a brother, but we're not close, we'll talk
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you mentioned your dad had like drug use drug issues. Any your mom does she have anything. Does any other family history.
Lisa Arnegger: Oh yeah, definitely. My mom has she took pups pills like there's no doubt, but she won't admit it. She thinks
Lisa Arnegger: She doesn't have a problem. She only takes it for her restless leg syndrome. But, but yet you been to St Alina for
Lisa Arnegger: Me, you know, rehab for for it. So, you know, she she takes it now she she stopped actually taking AND SHE WAS TAKING AMERICA.
Lisa Arnegger: And then she started taking them again because I've been seeing number person stuff. So, but I don't I don't say anything to her, just because it's not my business, you know, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so there's history there with mom and dad family history. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then okay work. Tell me about your work. What am I doing, what were you doing are you stopping
Lisa Arnegger: So that that was the other. I wanted to talk to you about. So I
Lisa Arnegger: So before all this started happening. I had gotten a job, etc. Really good job, probably one of the best jobs. I've ever read is one of the best jobs ever had.
Lisa Arnegger: I am a phlebotomist and I'm going to me and I was working in a methadone clinic for this believe or not.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, and
Lisa Arnegger: At a mid market in Hayward, and then
Lisa Arnegger: Right after that I was started working at a place called
Lisa Arnegger: center point which is
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, it's a, it's a, it's just basically the it's an agency where we get people into programs and stuff. So I was, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: I was the yeah so I was working in recovery and I was going to like the jails and stuff like that. And I was kind of like the point of person to get people into programs, basically.
Lisa Arnegger: But it was
Lisa Arnegger: It was also honestly quite triggering to do that because you know I have a tendency to I love for some reason inmates are like I have this attraction to them. You know what I mean. So like
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got higher
Lisa Arnegger: Because I I met somebody in there and, you know, totally totally totally cross boundaries and
Lisa Arnegger: And then. Yeah, so that was that. But
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wasn't it wasn't actually a very healthy job for you because of the triggers and the temptations and
Lisa Arnegger: In our know that those type of jobs. Honestly, working or recovery is not is not a healthy
Lisa Arnegger: They're not healthy jobs for me. And that's what I would. That's what I've realized coming from all of this because you know i sick goes after stick. That's just what it is you know it, what I've experienced my whole life and I've see it all the time, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: So, you know, that's it, just, I just stay away from all that. So I got a job, etc. And I was super happy was a full time position, making really good money for benefits. It was just like, great. And, um,
Lisa Arnegger: I started working and then all of a sudden my performance started to get worse and worse and worse. I started missing days was late.
Lisa Arnegger: So she pulled me to the side. And she's like, You know what, I think you need to take a leave of absence or you need to go do you need to figure something out. Because this is a warning you get one more you're gone, you know, and she's really been trying to work with me. And, you know, finally.
Lisa Arnegger: Last Friday, she, it was my first week back. I wasn't ready to come back and to be honest with you. The reason why I had left was because I was going to get clean. You know, I was going to go into a place to get clean
Lisa Arnegger: And the reason why I didn't end up going was because I had nobody watch my kids. So of course I took advantage of it. And, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: I just kept using, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: Came back to work and last Friday. She said she pulled me to the side. Again, and she's like Lisa. This is your first week back and it's not looking good, you know, she was like
Lisa Arnegger: She was like, so this is what you know I'm going to give you a couple of options, you know, and let's see what we can do, you know, and so I talked to HR today. They gave me some paperwork, they're going to put me on some kind of program that's
Lisa Arnegger: It's basically I just need something from my doctor you or whatever, but you
Lisa Arnegger: Just basically what she wants to do is reduce my hours. So just pretty much reduce my hours to maybe 20 hours a week and then I can still collect disability because because it's I'm treating a disease and
Lisa Arnegger: Because I told her I was like, you know, the reason why I can't go down, reduce my hours is because of I'm financially. There's no way I can support for kids on you know
Lisa Arnegger: And so that's when she said well, cuz centers like amazing like they really work with their employees, like they're really, really amazing. And so she said yeah so it would be like a 90 day thing so
Lisa Arnegger: Basically for 90 days, they just reduce my work hours to like 20 hours a week or how many hours you think that I should work and then
Lisa Arnegger: And then basically, I would just do that until you thought or whatever we discussed when I was ready to go back to full time.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, we can do that. I think especially because
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're joining our hopefully you'll be part of our, our group, our treatment program here and that entails some hours, you know, it's not 20 hours of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Work, but it's, you know, a commitment. So I think, I think we should be able to do that for you and fill out like just say that, yeah, you can reduce your hours for now, as you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then
Lisa Arnegger: Well, because the thing too is like, you know what I want to do, like, you know, if
Lisa Arnegger: The hours that I'm not working. So if I work 20 hours and you know and then because I seen online to you guys have an intensive outpatient program to which is that every day or
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the intensive outpatient program, I would have to look into what what that looks like. But my, my. So here's the basic program is come weekly like once a week, you'd meet with me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In a setting with a therapist. So that's me and a therapist running a group
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I would check in with you medically. So I'd say, Okay, let's say you're on Suboxone and say okay, how are we doing on the dough so we good we adjusted, whatever. And then I do the same with others.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then it opens up to like a recovery group where the therapist helps us kind of discuss some, you know, issues that might be relevant to everybody, you know, and so that's one hour a week that you do. So every week. You do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you have your own therapist. So you have an assigned individual therapists that you meet with individually and that could be once a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doesn't have to be an hour. It could, you know, I think that varies, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: That could be as frequent as like once a week. And then I think the I O P is like the intensive outpatient is like more than that. You could do
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah groups, a week.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, or a couple I
Lisa Arnegger: Think it was every day when I saw it on the internet. It was Monday through Friday or Monday through Thursday, and there was like
Lisa Arnegger: Daily. Yeah. Yeah. It was daily and that's kind of what I want to do, you know, in the days I do work. I can just do the groups at night. You know what I'm saying. So like, but that's what I want to do, because I think I think for me, I really need to
Lisa Arnegger: Work on myself right now. Like, take this time and really take advantage of it. And to be honest with you, I'm I know for, like, I'm going to be going through some kind of withdrawals, even though. It'll be on Suboxone like
Lisa Arnegger: Even with the Methadone I went through went through it. That's why I ended up. I just kept using you know this last time, so
Lisa Arnegger: So that's another thing, you know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And, you know, for, for the especially for the Suboxone you will need to go into some moderate withdrawal before we start your first dose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know if you remember that from way back
Dr. Belis Aladag: Years ago when you first took it, but you need to be opioid free for a good. So it varies, person to person. Right. Some people go into withdrawal after four hours.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then some people there okay for like 24 hours and then they start feeling it. So it depends where you're at, what your situation is your body and how much you've been using but
Dr. Belis Aladag: You need to physically have some symptoms at least two like the crying you know the teary eyed or the nose running or the goosebumps.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I area like yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a cool sentence, not just anxiety or whatever, but just physical symptoms, you should have at least two before you take your first Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you're right. I mean, you will have to be uncomfortable not severe but like you will physically have to be feeling like, not the best for a little bit before you take your first dose that's for sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then once you're on it. Hopefully you've waited long enough so that when you take your first those you're feeling a bit better and a bit better and better and it just kind of goes from there, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: A process right
Lisa Arnegger: Do you guys do prescribe because I asked another lady do you prescribe. Anything else for like the likes that certain withdrawals, or do you guys you don't for anything else just kind of the Suboxone and that's it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, I would say.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For people to get people on for the induction to get people on the Suboxone I think it's best if we try not to mask too much. I mean, we can, if you really were like
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, like my restless leg or like, you know, I just, you know, I think a muscle relaxer would help. I could give you a muscle relaxer if you were like, I think, you know, just feeling and see is going to be something for me just agitated us if we can give you a quantity and patch to calm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Calm your nervous. That's
Lisa Arnegger: What I usually have
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: That was my job. Yeah. Clonidine, that's what they usually give me Clonidine I do take Gabba Penton I haven't taken it since I've been using though, but I was taking it every day.
Lisa Arnegger: And then
Lisa Arnegger: He gave me like two, but it was only like two pills just first couple of days because I was like
Lisa Arnegger: It was bad, but it was a, I think it was Klonopin SOS for anxiety, but a lot of doctors don't because it's addicting or whatever so they won't, they won't prescribe it but he did because you know I had that wasn't my drug of choice. I didn't care. You know, that wasn't my thing.
Lisa Arnegger: But yeah, it was I think it was like that combination and then
Lisa Arnegger: On it. Yeah, so I don't know but
Lisa Arnegger: You
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you normally take gabapentin for anything.
Lisa Arnegger: I do. I have restless leg syndrome.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What is your dose of that.
Lisa Arnegger: I take their 600 milligrams, I take one in one and a half a day.
Lisa Arnegger: Night at night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tonight.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, but I haven't. Like I said, I haven't taken it. I haven't because really what what happened was I stopped the Suboxone when I got off of it. I was everything was kind of like awakened, you know, so
Lisa Arnegger: My legs were just it was bad. You know, I couldn't sleep at night. So I just continued to gather pin so
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And do you have a primary care, Doc. Who's, who's giving you that now or not. Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: I go to Kaiser, but to be honest I be, you know, that's the only doctor that gives. That to me is the Kaiser
Lisa Arnegger: And then
Lisa Arnegger: That's really where I go. But I, I could go. I'm going to probably switch my care to Sutter because
Lisa Arnegger: I really don't like Kaiser
Lisa Arnegger: I'm no fan, so I know you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I totally get it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's okay. I'm okay. I'm just going to write the gap or pencil in here that you have this 600 milligram, and you take one and a half at night when you're taking it.
Hmm, OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK.
Lisa Arnegger: Or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Restless Leg
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, then I think they also gave me though. Fran to for the nausea, because I was
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I could do that.
Lisa Arnegger: Growing up and
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you so when they gave you this. Were you just trying to get off of opioids without getting on anything else.
Lisa Arnegger: No, it was that I was getting off opiates with a low dose of the Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Okay, yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: But I mean, I
Lisa Arnegger: I mean, I have been on it since I think it came out really. I mean, it was so long ago that they didn't even know anything about it, you know.
Lisa Arnegger: Really, a lot of people don't know anything about it.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, I really did a lot of research.
Lisa Arnegger: To when I had my babies, because I was so scared that my babies are going to go through withdrawals and luckily they didn't but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, we've had, I've had patients go through pregnancies with it and it's okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In fact, yeah, better you know withdrawal risk is much less with it, and with the methadone, which was the standard
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah yeah methadone is definitely way harder. I, I don't know. People say Suboxone is some people say methadone is everybody's different. But
Lisa Arnegger: I don't like methadone, because it just makes me so tired. Like, I cannot function on it. I cannot function. So, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm okay so so allergies to many. Do you have any allergies to medication. No.
Nothing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That down. So, yeah. So in terms of getting you on the medication, I think, yeah, we can we can give you some so friend, we can give you a Clonidine patch the 0.1 maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know how that works. It's a blood pressure lowering medication. So if you feel light headed, you put your legs up, you could take it off drink water, whatever.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But it can help a lot of people feel like it helps
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now at the same time, we don't want to like mask your symptoms because symptoms in it's time to take your men so that. Yay. So you take your med and you feel better. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's kind of like it's, I don't need you to wait. I think maybe back when you first started it, like you said, we didn't know much about it. And nowadays protocols have changed.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Be back when you started it. They were saying you need to have at least 12 hours or 24 hours. You don't need hours. You just need symptoms. So it doesn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's only been four hours or a day if you feel in life. I think I'm in withdrawal. It's time to take your medication and start feeling a little bit better.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so you don't need to take other medication to prolong this period. You know what I'm saying.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so that's why I typically don't unless someone is tapering like. So let's say you're at the end of your treatment. You're like okay, Doc, we're tapering off Suboxone. I just want to be free of this and like I'm in a good place.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then I would give you the stuff because I want you to not be. I want you to try to be as comfortable as possible when you're completely done with all opiates and you know what I mean, because you're getting on something, it's going to actually make you feel normal. You should be feeling
Lisa Arnegger: Good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To get on to the right dose.
Lisa Arnegger: OK. OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So don't I would say mentally like just don't anticipate mad, you're gonna you're, you may have a period, you're gonna have a period where you're uncomfortable before you start a once you start. Hopefully it just gets better and better.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay. And, like, how, how long would you recommend because I was thinking like a week or something. But you're saying like months. A couple months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I would say.
Lisa Arnegger: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I will go, you know, Lisa. Like it's obviously it's up to you. You decide. You know how it works. You're in the healthcare field.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have autonomy, you can decide, but I can just tell you that treating patients with this problem like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Suboxone the beauty of it is that it helps your brain heal and all those receptors that are used to being you know used and then drop used in the drop all those things will normalize because this will be steady state in your bloodstream.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the longer you're on it, the more like healing time you give your brain. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I know you're scared because you're like, Well, doesn't that mean if I'm on it long that I'm going to be more dependent, it's gonna be harder to get off that that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's kind of a lost cause it's gonna be you're gonna, I mean it's a withdrawal thing. It is something that causes some dependency. Not as much as heroin. It's like half as much but still
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's something that you know does you do go through withdrawal process when to stop it. But if we do it very slowly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like I was just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Having I think it won't be as painful as what you experienced in the past.
Dr. Belis Aladag: A lot more tolerable and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, you're going through all of this. My philosophy is you're going to do it, do it right you know and do it all the way and do it the way it's supposed to be, you know, helping you the best because you're going through all of this effort.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just being on it for a week is that's a detox. That's not a maintenance. That's a detox. And that model.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is available. I mean, you can go like, you know, you can go to inpatient and they can manage you for seven days and then let you go and give you the Suboxone just for that long, but that doesn't seem to work. People just relapse because they're craving.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they don't feel good, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We want to like maintain you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know, philosophy, a little bit as the same philosophy as the Methadone clinic. So you were there, right. So you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Getting a dose where you're stable and staying there, you know, for a period of time while you do your psychosocial stuff where you get your life in order and you feel like, Okay, I think I have a handle. And then we lower you
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's my recommendation, but
Lisa Arnegger: No, that's fine. Yeah, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yes, we'll do that in terms of you said you have medical right
Lisa Arnegger: Medicare and I have Express Scripts so I have Sutter and medical
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha. Yeah. So, but for the men's from us. I think you're going to use medical have a feeling
Lisa Arnegger: I think. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's free.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, free
Lisa Arnegger: The other one isn't free
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, there's a copay so yeah I'd rather use the free one
Lisa Arnegger: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: We want user for us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so, so the Suboxone film, the actual film is what's covered
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so what I will tell you is there's if you recall, there's the two milligrams and the eight milligrams doses.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I was thinking, well, we could go with the eight milligram. And you could start with half so you take like four milligrams for your first dose.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then see how you feel like you should feel a little bit better from the withdrawal that you were having
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then like if you feel like, Okay. Later in the day, you want to take the other half, you take the other half, and then the next morning, you can take
Dr. Belis Aladag: Either half and half again. And that felt pretty okay or you could take a full dose eight milligram and then see if you need another half later in the day so that when we stick to like either eight milligrams a day or like 12 milligrams something on the lower end
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, he see if that holds you or if you still feel like, Gosh, I'm still thinking about it a lot of still having some cravings.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay yeah i wanted i was doing it in the morning and at night because at night is when I was starting to have
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, okay. I think that's the hardest for me during the day, not so much during night is when it's really hard for me because that's where my rituals, kind of like get I and go to bed. You know, so I see
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And when you were on Gabba Penton or you also on the Suboxone at some point, like, did you take both together. Was it okay for you because sometimes you know they say, both are sedating right so like opioids. It's a partial Suboxone
Lisa Arnegger: So, yes.
Lisa Arnegger: You are. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That it wasn't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know you're tolerating and
Lisa Arnegger: I was so my my tolerance. I'm very high tolerance.
Okay, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to say this all
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll just say
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's just say one film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But, you know, you start with half
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, I'm just gonna, like, my question is this, because
Lisa Arnegger: I have medical but it's through Kaiser medical so it would be going to the Kaiser pharmacy. Now I don't know if they if they will accept us prescription from you guys, right, because they have their own
Lisa Arnegger: They have their own substance abuse thing, but they don't even what's really fucked up. This is how fucked up Kaiser is that they have their own substance abuse program, but they don't accept people that are on medical there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yes, I know this because like I said, I used to work there. So it was such a dilemma because we had yeah we in addiction medicine department. I could not see you. Yeah, even though you are a Kaiser member and everything else, including psychiatry, you can see in kind.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You weren't able to access our services because it was carved out by the state by California that you had to go through whatever local government stuff, whatever medical stuff treatment centers.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So now I know so I know what you're saying your medical is through Kaiser
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so your medication, does it have to go through the Kaiser pharmacy.
Lisa Arnegger: I have no idea. I've never tried it. So, I mean, I usually go to Walgreens. So I'm wondering if you guys if you call them the prescription
Lisa Arnegger: Let's talk
Lisa Arnegger: To them, you can give them my medical number and see if it goes through. I don't know. I don't know how that works.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So what is this Alameda alliance is that your medical or is that the other one.
Lisa Arnegger: That's my medical but it's not. I don't think it's Alameda, like I don't it's Kaiser medical. I don't know if you look up if you guys have the website. Do you guys have the website. The, the medical website where you can look up the you put in their social and okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know that. But here's what I'm going to do. Let's try you've gone to Walgreens.
Before
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: What if not
Lisa Arnegger: I'll just use my other insurance but i right now. I have no money. So I'm like, completely tapped out so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, Walgreens. So here's the deal. When I was at Kaiser I do remember that some patients would want to go outside Kaiser for their funds.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, just possible to still run the insurance to Walgreens. You just tell them, hey, like you said, we use the other
Dr. Belis Aladag: Use the medical don't use the other one, and they run that
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that will be, I think,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Here, I think the easiest is when you go to get it.
Lisa Arnegger: You go, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you say, Look, guys. Can you just have two different insurances I want the one where it's covered fully. So with that, and you know, go with that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And if they if they say, well, the film is covered by medical but we can't run it, we can run the other one but you to get the cheapest, we need the tablet, we can change it, we can
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Her works for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To be as
Lisa Arnegger: Well, because, you know, I, I've used both insurances before where
Lisa Arnegger: One covers the the the copay of the other. You know what I mean, that's the joy of having two different insurances but so I'm sure it'll be fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll work it out. Okay, but we'll try. We'll start with this Walgreens on isn't Maori Avenue.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, in Fremont. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it. So I'm going to say, I'm going to give you enough for 16 milligrams, which is one film twice a day, but you can start with half of film twice a day and then work your way up to one, one in one if you feel you need to
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK.
OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then in terms of group.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think Friday is good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, there's a Friday for PM group.
Lisa Arnegger: Now, if I have to work. How does that work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I don't know. I mean, there's a Friday for PM Thursday 4pm I have a Monday 9am
Lisa Arnegger: Or sorry 10 him.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay. Monday at 10am
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, is that better for you, maybe
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, because when I talked to my my supervisor. I'm going to go over a schedule of what days I should work like what days would fit for me. So I think what I'm going to do is
Lisa Arnegger: Probably do Tuesday.
Lisa Arnegger: Wednesday Thursday. And then, and then a weekend or the weekend or something like that. I don't know, maybe like three days a week or something. So, and then I could she said we can do from like 12 to 530 or you know whatever hours to so
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you can do that. And then you can choose it. Yes, so that you have Monday 10am available to do this because like I said it's an hour. So you would want to log into the virtual clinic where you did today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: At like 945 930
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because they will ask you to do surveys about your addiction. Like, how are you doing whatever so that takes a little bit
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, get it, get in early and it gets traffic, you know, like they say, okay, wait 10 minutes. There's a wait times and stuff. So just get there early 939 45 and then we'll be ready to start group at 10
Lisa Arnegger: So is are these other people going to be on there like other
Lisa Arnegger: Clients so they're going to hear all my
Business or
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's interesting.
Dr. Belis Aladag: An interesting concept of yeah you're opening up to these strangers.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's, it's, like, you know, like a recovery group, but with a doctor's visit thrown in. So yes, you get a little more intimate, perhaps, than you would in a regular there, you know, group therapy, even
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I tried to not go into too much detail. Like if if you are like Dr Elena. I like I'm having whatever symptoms and I just want to go into detail of you offline. So can we have an individual visit, you can always book an individual visit with me and we can talk in more detail.
Lisa Arnegger: But, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: In the group setting I do my best to kind of minimize
Dr. Belis Aladag: The, you know, and I just say, okay, so, you know, how's it going, I try not to reveal too much, but it is what it is. I think everyone's in it, knowing that that's part of the process that we're everything that's revealed stays in the group, nobody talks about it outside and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, for the most part, I mean, I've been surprised. I was worried about that too because I'm not used to doing group doctor visits, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah yeah
Lisa Arnegger: And so who do I talk to about like out like the actual intensive outpatient thing. Do I talk to you about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a good one. Um, let me see. I will say,
Lisa Arnegger: Because I was telling the ladies that I talked to the last lady that I talked to that I was reading online that they have like different therapy styles.
Lisa Arnegger: EDM or whatever he d and the Queen Quinn therapy. The horses and stuff.
Lisa Arnegger: Oh yeah, I don't know. I really want to try that stuff, you know, because it's for people with trauma, so I thought maybe would help me. I've
Lisa Arnegger: Done therapy before and doesn't do much, because I didn't really like the therapist. I'm hoping that this would be different so okay cuz i'm i'm looking for more like
Lisa Arnegger: You know, I can sit here and talk, but I really need to like get an action plan, that's the thing. You know, I mean like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, like
Lisa Arnegger: What are you gonna want
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, more of a solution than just, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Practical like okay, well, what's my recovery look like this week. And what am I supposed to be doing. And also maybe the step work again. If that worked for you in the past like starting zoom groups, maybe with the a, you know,
Lisa Arnegger: Any I was doing it. Yeah, yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: I need to get back
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to send this through the chat. Hold on, I got something for you here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is it
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, and then. Can I email you the paperwork that she emailed me for the doctor to fill out.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can
Lisa Arnegger: Put you on pause real quick.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What Lisa, I think that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now that I think about it. I'm like I said I'm new to bright heart, but I think our intensive outpatient program our IoT where it's like daily or, you know, more frequent is for. Can you hear me.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I can hear you. Go ahead.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Jerry, for I believe it's for eating disorders.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't think it's for the substance use disorders, but I'm not 100% sure because I'm new to this program. Okay, I'm still. I'm going to say to RJ RJ is the one who did who kind of book do today. So I'm going to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right now, I'll say who can she talked to about our IP. Is it just for eating disorders. She wants to come to daily groups is that
Lisa Arnegger: Accurate. Okay. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then in terms of the specifics like yeah you need guidance about like, okay, what is my recovery look like, what am I doing, what are my goals. All that stuff is going to be what you don't in the individual therapy.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool. Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: The front door please
Lisa Arnegger: Watch the front door.
Lisa Arnegger: No, I have not.
Lisa Arnegger: I saw it in the backyard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not writing back but
Lisa Arnegger: This final didn't get back to me whenever
Dr. Belis Aladag: I find out I will let you know. And I can email you
Dr. Belis Aladag: You will. Did you see my email in the chat box there.
Lisa Arnegger: Where would it be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, maybe there's are there three little dots that
Lisa Arnegger: More. Here we go. Jordan there. It's not in here. It's not in the garage.
Lisa Arnegger: Don't make a masterpiece.
Lisa Arnegger: Chat. Oh, is it right there, bl, bl at
Dr. Belis Aladag: BH ADHD Bella done
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's me. And then the any stuff.org
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is a healthy one of the ladies actually in the 10am group that you're going to join. She highly recommended it. She's like, it's the best site that has like all different zoom meetings that are happening at different times. Like she
Dr. Belis Aladag: Na
Dr. Belis Aladag: So any stuff.org, you may want to start getting into that because that's part of
Lisa Arnegger: What makes up for you.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, yeah.
And then
Lisa Arnegger: Let me hold on, I just want to make sure you get it, let me
Lisa Arnegger: Show.
Lisa Arnegger: You the
Lisa Arnegger: Paperwork and then if you have any questions.
Lisa Arnegger: You can
Lisa Arnegger: Just email me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Lisa, do you feel you really want this quantity and patch and the XO friend, or are you
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, just in case. And I mean if I don't use it. I don't use it but
Lisa Arnegger: Okay. Um, yeah. Just, just to make sure that I'm not
Lisa Arnegger: Totally
Lisa Arnegger: Thank you.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let me just confirm that I thought it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Was a weekly patch, so it stays on your on you for a while.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Here you are.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got your paperwork.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And good so I will. I'll see what this is about.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then once it's filled out
Dr. Belis Aladag: Signature date return to let it out or email. Okay, so I can email this. Do you want me to just email you or do you want to email. Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Just email me and then I'll turn it into her, you're fine. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then in terms of yeah the hours that of treatment that you can get besides the one, our group once a week with me at 10am on Mondays and the, you know, weekly therapy session, more than that is what you're interested in and see what, what can you do
Lisa Arnegger: Well,
Dr. Belis Aladag: We can see what the offerings are like what groups are there, can you do just more of the substance use groups or maybe the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Groups that you're interested in, like, for depression, anxiety that you could incorporate
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, and then
Lisa Arnegger: I have free therapy through my job.
Lisa Arnegger: And then na meetings and stuff like that, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, and then I have like other stuff there.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
I'm
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I'm close. I want to
Lisa Arnegger: I got to start, I'm
Lisa Arnegger: Looking for a place to live, too. So I'm going to start applying to different agencies for housing and stuff like that because
Lisa Arnegger: where I'm at right now. It's a beautiful house but
Lisa Arnegger: My mother is the one
Lisa Arnegger: That kind of has control of everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you need to get out of that.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: It's very triggering no
Dr. Belis Aladag: Its name has
Dr. Belis Aladag: Two ends as I write AR n eg
Lisa Arnegger: One and
Dr. Belis Aladag: One and so AR en je je je er.
Lisa Arnegger: Uh huh. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, okay, so it's kinda am on Monday. We will see you and check in and say, Okay, did you start your men's. How did it go
Lisa Arnegger: Plan.
Dr. Belis Aladag: My day
Dr. Belis Aladag: Monday 10am
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I forgot to ask you about
Dr. Belis Aladag: Review of systems. Is there anything that you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Chronically like stomach ache or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Constipation or
Chest.
Lisa Arnegger: Oh god, I haven't gone to the bathroom in like a week.
Lisa Arnegger: My stomach is messed up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: I don't know what to take for that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So Mirror lacks any fiber.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Metamucil, that kind of thing would be helpful water and then like dulko blacks, you know, police. Oh.
Lisa Arnegger: OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, and then
Lisa Arnegger: And then in terms of idle sauce any
Lisa Arnegger: I'm not having any suicidal.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Call
Call the first
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now I need to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Meet Dr. A therapy.
Lisa Arnegger: Therapy. She did already. It's tomorrow.
Your therapy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Program, like, hey,
Lisa Arnegger: We will cure guided us to like how to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Proceed and what to
Okay.
Lisa Arnegger: She's
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think she's newer as well. But she might know how to connect you with more different groups as well. In addition to the 10am group.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, perfect.
Lisa Arnegger: And then
Lisa Arnegger: So I'll see you Monday, then
Dr. Belis Aladag: See you Monday.
Lisa Arnegger: So I just start as soon as I start filling withdrawals. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly so so useless like
Dr. Belis Aladag: This morning, maybe earlier today.
Lisa Arnegger: Well I, I, you, the last time I used was this morning.
Lisa Arnegger: This morning, yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay, now. Right, yeah, I'm okay right now. I'm not that. Yeah, and
Lisa Arnegger: It'll probably be tonight.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah.
Lisa Arnegger: Probably tonight.
Lisa Arnegger: Or in the middle of the night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT OR TOMORROW MORNING.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you cannot sleep through the night sleep through the night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's better to wait. Okay. Because if you take it too early, he will make you feel worse.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, you know what, I, I took a
Lisa Arnegger: I took
Lisa Arnegger: I'm going to show you something because somebody gave me some Suboxone and I took it and it made me feel worse.
Lisa Arnegger: Yeah, I, I thought I was going, I thought it was like I thought there was two different
Lisa Arnegger: Types of Suboxone I thought there's maybe once about there is a Suboxone for like pain management and then there's the Suboxone for which was, but this is the one she gave me this is the kind. She gave me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes buprenorphine that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's exactly what
Lisa Arnegger: Is that
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's what you're being prescribed now so it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: It is the same.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just that it has two components buprenorphine and the last one. The last one is it's not active so you can almost ignore it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that can feel them. But don't worry about it. The reason you felt
Dr. Belis Aladag: Worse is because you took it before you were in substantial withdrawal, you need to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because okay when you're when you're like, when the opioid receptors are full, like you used
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're right
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, yeah, slowly start going to withdraw, you start dropping out Suboxone only gets you this
Dr. Belis Aladag: So if you're up here. And then you take the swag. So you're bringing yourself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Down what you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do is already go down.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right in withdrawal and bring yourself up a little bit.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's the point. So you want to really be feeling uncomfortable, like maybe even tomorrow morning. Like, that's what I'm saying maybe tonight is even too early, like you really want to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like not well, you want to be like oh god I don't feel good.
Lisa Arnegger: You know, I'm okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm in withdrawal. I need something that's, you know, that's when you use that instead of the heroin. Right.
Lisa Arnegger: Okay.
Lisa Arnegger: Awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, yeah, I got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You got it. And then also, okay. Monday.
Lisa Arnegger: At 10 i'll see you Monday.
Lisa Arnegger: at 10am. Okay, awesome.
Lisa Arnegger: Thank you, Dr. So much. It was really nice meeting you.
Lisa Arnegger: Nice meeting you. Okay, bye. Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: For Lisa. I'm gonna
Dr. Belis Aladag: Check out the paperwork and see
Dr. Belis Aladag: what that entails and so you can add I don't know 15 minutes of that as well to the to the visit, like just write the paperwork is reviewed and filled out
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you.